Yeah.
So let's go to this problem and it's applied this recursive relation.
So I've formed this solution edge and it's passing this by to the split array, which is calling the
P zero, forcing the numbers at it and the partitions in which Apple Pay is starting from the zero to
next.
So.
Let's say the answer is zero.
And because of I can answer right to consider zero initially because the numbers are positive eight
non-negative integers.
I'm just taking the erroneously and yeah, let's do a j loop de will start from my ending and go to
lesson and it's nothing but numbers not size eight so I'm so it means there's a partition from I do
eight to how to and in this partition I want minimum of.
This and what is a maximum of the sum that is currently being formed from the partition of i to g write
the how can I handle that sum?
Let's just quickly echo variable sum and it is some plus equals to number.
Less equals to numbers.
Yeah.
And so this this building stood a very.
It was a store to some or the current partition.
And what is the maximum of the current partition and the minimum sum that I'm getting from the next
of states, which is the plus one.
Right.
So let's find the plus one nums and m minus one, because I've just made this one partition for my duty.
And this is reduce the partition on by one.
Just remember one thing that this problem actually ask you to break the arrangement.
Exactly an on going to go somewhere is exactly m this is important.
So.
We can.
We can only make a partition when m is possible.
That means if and means less than equal to zero, we will simply run something that we don't want.
Right?
So Indians, what I'm doing is I'm taking a minimum of things, right?
So I'll just pass by name or I can alter by 27.
Despite some very big value, I can also pass into max it by my passing.
Big value because I don't want this to get next to affect my solution.
So there's the same thing.
If I if I want some, then I will and I want I look, I'm on a different path and I don't want those
states.
I just written zero so that zero doesn't affect myself.
Similarly, things that won't affect my minimum is one you name because.
Okay.
So.
I'm taking minimum age.
So answers should be initialized with vanilla as well.
But let's let's in it's late answer with something very weak.
Then we can simply reduce it.
They.
And, uh.
Yeah.
And finally, let's write the base case.
Okay.
Let me.
And the answer also.
Okay.
Because when we when we whenever we are forming something small, we take just something big.
Right.
So the base is a symbol.
If Isaac was to last.
That means nowadays, like if nowadays lived and is m is equals to zero.
So the case there can be two cases and then M is something.
But when there is an empty area, then I cannot divide it into somebody club until somebody say if I
am in zero assembly at N0, that means.
The sum obtained by dividing MDR into zero partitions is zero otherwise.
Again, a very big value.
Which is why.
Any name.
So let me build it and check.
Okay.
So here we go.
18.
Yeah, 18 is the right answer.
So I just have these two conditions, which is if I am, is less than equal to zero return by name.
So this can also be applied over here.
Well, it cannot be applied over here because let's say I am is equal to zero and ice equals two or
three.
Then it written zero and not one, you name it, because that's a valid spot that I went to.
I would do what is the meaning of this case?
When I go through numbers that means there have been some partitions and m is equal to zero means there
have been exactly.
And partition.
I don't want to make more partitions, so that's a valid basis basically.
Otherwise, Ellen vanish nine.
And finally, what we can do is we can simply memorize it.
Vector and memo.
Interdependent.
Yeah.
So it's actually at eight I you go to changing an M is also changing the vector vector into memories
and it's just.
It means like this memo.
Daughtry says.
Um.
Okay.
The first is now start size less one and the number of columns will be in plus one later.
It will be a vector inside it.
Actor and.
And plus one.
Come on.
That's fun.
Finally legislated.
I'll simply say if I move, I am.
It's not equal to minus one written memo.
I am if I am writing it after the biscuits, because let's do them as equals to -1 to 8.
Then it will go here in the index of minus one in my true you are learning they matter later.
That's so we have to write it down after the biscuits because in here what will happen?
I will be less than number versus that's what I want and M will be greater than zero.
Correct.
Oh.
So.
And also, if I miss greater than equal to zero eliminated, I is greater than equal to zero and I use
less then num start base or instead let me it in.
Eight and M is greater than zero.
M is greater than zero.
Then only I can make partitions.
Partitions?
And finally let me memories that savor Disraeli.
So we have got it in here and we can take the next input, which is this.
Yep.
So that's why I prefer recording in Sublime over directly there.
Because we can easily take the inputs and music, but only.
We have nine books.
So here goes.
In the third case, we have an English two three.
That means there's only one partition.
There's only one way in which I can divide this out into three parties, and that is one, four, four
single partitions.
What is the maximum sum?
The maximum sum is food and water.
That's minimum is foot.
It's a minimum of the maximum, not just the minimum rate.
So that's why we are taking minimum of the maximum.
So I hope some of you were able to solve it yourself.
If not, just learn and move ahead.
And let's move to the next problem after this.
Thank you.